hi guys today I'm going to teach you how
to vote
Sony Ericsson Walkman serious WT 19 are
a well to get started go to settings
with of applications and you have to
Hannibal unknown sources
click OK to enable it then click on
development and you have to enable USB
debugging once you've done that come
back to the settings and click on Sony
Ericsson and click on connectivity and
make sure that you have how to connect
an MS mode enabled as you can see from
here we are already enabled a once
you're done days you can actually vice
with the computer using the virginal USB
data cable after connecting your device
with the computer using the virginal us
which attackable make sure that the
connection is successful or else go to
this page in Android you dead and
download your devices USB drivers under
insulating your computer once you've
done that connectivity waste again to
the computer and then come to this page
in the NIR adobe.com
from here download erode routing it once
you've done that open the exe
application don't bother about the
security warning
as you can see from here
they used betrayed of the USB drivers
are successfully installed and the
erecruiting kit has been successfully
able to identify your device now just
click this root button
the routing process is going on until it
will take a minute or dragica to get
completed
that's it your device has been
successfully rooted if you'd like to
undo to your device now by pressing this
button it will be able to do that since
I have just returned my device I am not
going to do it right now
but if you should want to do it you can
do it using this ego to application as
well thanks for watching